Imad 
Assignment 2
The main idea or goal of the Tamagotchi design like app is for the user to engage with a “pet” that they are required to take care of and manage the well being of. This application is a fun and user-friendly game that is easy to use and engages the user. The app can also build character and responsibility skills as the pet’s survival is determined by the user. 
When developing the application, my goal was to make it as intuitive as possible. Since there are many buttons, I limited the functionalities and buttons to prevent misunderstanding. In order to enhance the experience by allowing them to learn new things while having fun. Additionally, it might motivate users to want to utilise our software in order to keep learning. 
I spent a great deal of time and energy developing the software, and I went through several iterations to make sure I met my main objective. I had my notepad out and was making vacation plans before I knew what else to do. organising my UI design and figuring out how to make it both aesthetically pleasing and appropriate for the Tamagotchi app design. This is how I came up with the idea for the white and fluffy theme. Following that, I began to consider simple ways to minimise the program's complexity while making it as user-friendly as feasible. 
I changed the fonts' colours and widths to make it the user's most visually appealing. After I had finished all of my UI designing and detailing, it was time to finish the most important part of the programme: the coding. I started by reviewing the declarations. After giving my widgets their ids, I declared my two text bars, enter, and clear buttons first. I had to be very careful and clear about who I was in order to have the simplest time declaring. 
GitHub was a major contributor to the creation of my application. I turned to GitHub for everything when I first started developing my software. GitHub is an app that offers you a plethora of developer tools to aid in the creation and development of software and applications. It assists you in monitoring your development and points out your mistakes. It offers suggestions on how you can fix your mistakes. GitHub facilitates the organisation of all of your work while you work on your project. Every time I finished working on my application for the day, I saved my progress on GitHub. 
I not only used GitHub to store my code and use it to correct my errors but I also used it as a way to learn. I referred to many similar examples on GitHub to guide my code since I am a beginner in GitHub was also helpful because I was able to work on different projects simultaneously. GitHub provided me with all types of assistance and wasn't short in giving me responses. I managed to get help from different computer experts on the application and all the assistance contributed to the success of my application.
Overall, I think my application was a success and is running well. The user will find great joy while using this app and will be able to keep them entertained for a long period of time.



  

